meetings.md, before:

 ## Meetings

### 2022-04-14 at 17:45pm
- Team members attended - Hetal, Jonathan, Michael, William
- Team Updates:
  - <Hetal> worked on
  - <Jonathan> worked on
  - <Michael> worked on
  - <William> worked on

- Summary:


### 2022-04-19 at 17:45
- Team members attended -
- Team Updates:
  - <Hetal> worked on
  - <Jonathan> worked on
  - <Michael> worked on
  - <William> worked on

- Summary: 

### 2022-04-21 at 17:45
- Team members attended -
- Team Updates:
  - <Hetal> worked on
  - <Jonathan> worked on
  - <Michael> worked on
  - <William> worked on

- Summary:

### 2022-04-26 at 17:45
- Team members attended -
- Team Updates:
  - <Hetal> worked on
  - <Jonathan> worked on
  - <Michael> worked on
  - <William> worked on

- Summary:

### 2022-04-28 at 17:45
- Team members attended -
- Team Updates:
  - <Hetal> worked on
  - <Jonathan> worked on
  - <Michael> worked on
  - <William> worked on

- Summary:

### 2022-05-03 at 17:45
- Team members attended -
- Team Updates:
  - <Hetal> worked on
  - <Jonathan> worked on
  - <Michael> worked on
  - <William> worked on

- Summary:

### 2022-05-05 at 17:45
- Team members attended -
- Team Updates:
  - <Hetal> worked on
  - <Jonathan> worked on
  - <Michael> worked on
  - <William> worked on

- Summary:

### 2022-05-10 at 17:45
- Project Presentation

### 2022-05-12 at 17:45
- Project Presentation

Commit message:

updated meetings.md and requirements.md

meetings.md, after:

 ## Meetings

### 2022-04-14 at 17:45
- Team members attended - Hetal, Jonathan, Michael, William
- Team Updates:
  - <Hetal> worked on use case (user profile)
  - <Jonathan> worked on use case (find item)
  - <Michael> worked on use case (see all items, add to cart)
  - <William> worked on use case (splash page, filter by categories)

- Summary: Team worked on finishing up requriments.md file. Filling up use cases and functional/non-functional requirements.

### 2022-04-19 at 17:45
- Team members attended -
- Team Updates:
  - <Hetal> worked on
  - <Jonathan> worked on
  - <Michael> worked on
  - <William> worked on

- Summary: 

### 2022-04-21 at 17:45
- Team members attended -
- Team Updates:
  - <Hetal> worked on
  - <Jonathan> worked on
  - <Michael> worked on
  - <William> worked on

- Summary:

### 2022-04-26 at 17:45
- Team members attended -
- Team Updates:
  - <Hetal> worked on
  - <Jonathan> worked on
  - <Michael> worked on
  - <William> worked on

- Summary:

### 2022-04-28 at 17:45
- Team members attended -
- Team Updates:
  - <Hetal> worked on
  - <Jonathan> worked on
  - <Michael> worked on
  - <William> worked on

- Summary:

### 2022-05-03 at 17:45
- Team members attended -
- Team Updates:
  - <Hetal> worked on
  - <Jonathan> worked on
  - <Michael> worked on
  - <William> worked on

- Summary:

### 2022-05-05 at 17:45
- Team members attended -
- Team Updates:
  - <Hetal> worked on
  - <Jonathan> worked on
  - <Michael> worked on
  - <William> worked on

- Summary:

### 2022-05-10 at 17:45
- Project Presentation

### 2022-05-12 at 17:45
- Project Presentation
