requirements.md, before:

## <remove all of the example text and notes in < > such as this one>

## Functional Requirements

1. requirement
2. requirement
3. requirement
4. requirement
5. requirement
6. requirement
7. requirement
8. requirement
9. requirement
10. requirement
11. requirement
12. requirement

## Non-functional Requirements

1. non-functional
2. non-functional
3. non-functional
4. non-functional

## Use Cases

1. Use Case Name (Should match functional requirement name)
- **Pre-condition:** <can be a list or short description> Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisci elit, sed eiusmod tempor incidunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua.

- **Trigger:** <can be a list or short description> Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrum exercitationem ullam corporis suscipit laboriosam, nisi ut aliquid ex ea commodi consequatur. 

- **Primary Sequence:**
  
  1. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrum e
  2. Et sequi incidunt 
  3. Quis aute iure reprehenderit
  4. ... 
  5. ...
  6. ...
  7. ...
  8. ...
  9. ...
  10. <Try to stick to a max of 10 steps>

- **Primary Postconditions:** <can be a list or short description> 

- **Alternate Sequence:** <you can have more than one alternate sequence to describe multiple issues that may arise>
  
  1. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrum e
  2. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrum e
  3. ...

- **Alternate Sequence <optional>:** <you can have more than one alternate sequence to describe multiple issues that may arise>
  
  1. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrum e
  2. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrum e
  3. ...
2. Use Case Name (Add to cart)
	**Pre-condition:** 
	   Must have an account
	   Customer must be logged in
	**Trigger:**
	   Customer selects add to cart option   
   	**Primary Sequence:**
		1. Customer views services that can be purchased
		2. Customer selects and views the service 
		3. After selecting, system provides avaiability and cost of service
		4. Customer can select to add to cart 
		5. System stores the customers selection in cart
	**Primary Postconditions:**
		1. The customer's cart holds the service(s) that they have selected
	**Alternate Sequence**
		1. The customer leaves the webpage and the customers cart will be saved to their profile

Commit message:

Added template for use case: See all items

requirements.md, after:

## <remove all of the example text and notes in < > such as this one>

## Functional Requirements

1. requirement
2. requirement
3. requirement
4. requirement
5. requirement
6. requirement
7. requirement
8. requirement
9. requirement
10. requirement
11. requirement
12. requirement

## Non-functional Requirements

1. non-functional
2. non-functional
3. non-functional
4. non-functional

## Use Cases

1. Use Case Name (Should match functional requirement name)
- **Pre-condition:** <can be a list or short description> Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisci elit, sed eiusmod tempor incidunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua.

- **Trigger:** <can be a list or short description> Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrum exercitationem ullam corporis suscipit laboriosam, nisi ut aliquid ex ea commodi consequatur. 

- **Primary Sequence:**
  
  1. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrum e
  2. Et sequi incidunt 
  3. Quis aute iure reprehenderit
  4. ... 
  5. ...
  6. ...
  7. ...
  8. ...
  9. ...
  10. <Try to stick to a max of 10 steps>

- **Primary Postconditions:** <can be a list or short description> 

- **Alternate Sequence:** <you can have more than one alternate sequence to describe multiple issues that may arise>
  
  1. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrum e
  2. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrum e
  3. ...

- **Alternate Sequence <optional>:** <you can have more than one alternate sequence to describe multiple issues that may arise>
  
  1. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrum e
  2. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrum e
  3. ...
2. Add to cart
	**Pre-condition:** 
	   Must have an account
	   Customer must be logged in
	**Trigger:**
	   Customer selects add to cart option   
   	**Primary Sequence:**
		1. Customer views services that can be purchased
		2. Customer selects and views the service 
		3. After selecting, system provides avaiability and cost of service
		4. Customer can select to add to cart 
		5. System stores the customers selection in cart
	**Primary Postconditions:**
		1. The customer's cart holds the service(s) that they have selected
	**Alternate Sequence**
		1. The customer leaves the webpage and the customers cart will be saved to their profile
3. See all services
	**Pre-condition**
	    Customer must have selected categories option
	    System must have services available for sale
	**Trigger**
	   Customer selects option to show all items/services in categories section
	**Primary Sequence**
		1. Customer chooses categories tab that holds options to view services offered
		2. Customer chooses to view all items from all sellers
		3. System provides a gallery of all services provided from all sellers 
	**Primary Postconditions:**
		1. All services from all sellers are displayed for customer to see
